It's been a while since I updated this website. I want to write about what's been going on recently.

I now work at BJs as a clerk. I used to be unemployed. This job is a good learning experience, and it has also given me some ideas on what programs I can make. I am going to try and make a program to make storage management easier, since this is very difficult to do. I am also going to create a google sheets that will help keep track of expired products.

Aside from that, I had decided that I no longer want to update this website. Instead, I'll be showing my experience through my youtube channel "SyaxTuto". As of April 2, 2022, there's still nothing I can show for it, but videos will be uploaded eventually. The videos will be short perfectly edited tutorials, while at the same time providing some longer form content. A part of me has always wanted to create an improved teaching experience than what's already available. My goal is to stand out as being one of the best people making tutorials online, by creating an intuitive experience that will keep people engaged, and trying to not waste anyone's time. My goal is to have that one comment that says "A tutorial has no right being this high quality". I also want to solve the problem of some programs not having many tutorials that people can use. I will achieve my goals by making tutorials on the software I use, and also looking at tech support forums online for video ideas. I will also keep myself up to date with tech news, and take note of everything I had learned in college as things I can then teach on my Youtube Channel.

I will make videos for this channel eventually. I am going to make a video once I feel more motivated. I lack the motivation at the moment. It will also be a long time from now before I can fully cover a topic that will be useful for a job application, due to the format I'll be using. At the moment for job opportunities, I am relying on what's already posted on this website and trying my luck with sending job applications, and even if I start making videos now, it will be a long time before they are worth adding in a job application.

That's all.
