This post is a test. I am copy pasting the posts that are soon going to appear on the website.

This is a list of some projects I have worked on.

# Installing OpenWRT Into my Network, with TinyProxy, VPN, And Pi-Hole.

I replaced the stock firmware from my router with OpenWRT, this provides me a lot more control over my router, and allows me to learn more about managing a network.

The first thing I did was perform dns hijacking against myself. This is because applications were able to bypass my Pi-Hole local dns resolver. Pi-Hole is a local dns resolver that provides security and a better browsing experience to all my devices in my network. Being able to bypass my dns resolver allows bad actors to perform dns hijacking attacks, and send requests that are meant to be blocked in my network. The requests blocked by my Pi-Hole device are malware, tracking from websites I am not familiar with, and advertisements. To perform dns hijacking, I had to make sure that every request sent from port 53 (the port used for dns requests) is instead forwarded by my router to my local dns. I also had to prohibit dns over https addresses in my network, since those don't use port 53 and are able to bypass my dns. There is a guide on the openwrt forums on how to do this here https://openwrt.org/docs/guide-user/firewall/fw3_configurations/intercept_dns

I also wanted to have a vpn on my router. This helps prevent leaks, from malfunction or an application trying to bypass it. I created a separate network on openwrt, to not force everyone to be connected to my vpn. I had a problem with my vpn network being too slow to resolve addresses. To solve this I had to connect my dns resolver to the new network, change firewall rules to allow input between both networks, and perform dns hijacking on the new network. Tinyproxy was also installed to allow only some apps to bypass my vpn (example: online banking applications and websites)

# Analyzing Traffic With Pi-Hole and Proxifier.

Proxifier showed me the currently active connections that applications were running in the background, and what applications were responsible. It made me learn more about my applications since I looked them up online, and if I didn't need those connections I would block them.

With pihole I had a lot more control to learn about what domains can be commonly found when I am web browsing, and what they were doing. I am familiar with many of these domains now. I purposely implemented a strict policy on my pihole, making it block 5 million domains by default, just so I would be forced to learn what each domain was doing, why they were blocked, and what features would it be breaking.

# Pygame

I had a simple college assignment to make a modified version of PyGame. Click here to try it (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hajZ6teNrvmH8zLRa5pVsMZlpsI6B0hz?usp=sharing)

A preview can be seen below.



List of modifications
A scoring system
Full screen
Redesign, night mode friendly
More rows and columns, more difficult
Background music
Mute music (Press M)
Ability to change the volume
Sound effects when moving tiles
An easter egg / secret (Press w 10 times). This won’t affect your score. You can’t disable the secret once unlocked

# Hiding The IP Address of my Pi-Hole Device

Websites were able to see my dns address, which was the public ip address of my home network (this can be seen in https://www.dnsleaktest.com). This allows anyone to know that I am using a local dns resolver, they would know my address, and my ip address would leak while using a vpn or a proxy from my router. Bad actors would have enough info to consider me a target. Hiding the ip address of my dns is important, I used a vpn to accomplish this. After installing the vpn, I had to circumvent the dns protection provided by my vpn, which forces dns requests to be handled by the vpn servers. This prevents my dns server from running properly. The dns address was being switched constantly between the vpn's and the local dns resolver.

To solve this I found the location of every configuration file, changed them manually, and then made them read only. Because I was not familiar with Linux, I had to browse the internet to find the location of these files.

# Making a Live Security Camera with OBS.

In December 2019, I was committed to turning my old mobile device into a live security camera. Simply because I was bored. This could be done simply with two applications, obs and droidcam, droidcam would send the camera feed from my phone to obs. The only problem now is that obs is made to livestream to the internet. I had to learn how to make my server accessible only to devices in my own home. I was first suggested to use nginx, sadly this method was not intuitive because this method uses rtmp for streaming, it was not supported in some browsers, devices, and video players. I then found I could make a local live stream recording into a location on my device, using the apple http live streaming format (hls), and then I could make an apache server share the live feed. A problem though was that the recordings were not good, the one hour footage was divided in many .ts files that lasted only a few seconds. I created multiple scripts, one python script renamed the files so they were numbered, starting with 1. Then I used ffmpeg to combine them all into one file (concatenating them together). To save on storage space, I also used the handbrake command line to re-encode the files, reduce file size, and make sure they don't suffer any compatibility issues. Finally a final command is executed to rename the finished video file into something that includes the date and time it was recorded. This is done every few hours by a script that OBS opens when the recording stops, though if I preferred I could make it so it happens every day at 2:00am (for storage and testing purposes, it's every few hours).

This project involved PowerShell, Python, HTML5, and Bash knowledge. It also used cli software such as FFMPEG, and HandBrake. And used gui applications such as OBS, and DroidCam. In this link you can see some of the scripts I used and what my camera looks like https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/10rj730U0ReVNVWSM5GptY4WZM5XcecLE?usp=sharing

# Juniper Notebook

I was taught to use Juniper Notebook in order to compare data and suggest what application should a company develop, in order to get the most benefit

You can see this here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/17AIt49csXIXbU-JeWdm6TLCgrXXAnUT9?usp=sharing

# Penetration Testing

The link provides my penetration testing knowledge, some of these skills are red team, and others are blue team. This includes the use of scapy, sql injections, nmap, and snort https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1CZX14G-fjC_KIVm4tGU3SZ4I0lZQKByz?usp=sharing
